content/Call-for-Poster.md, before:

---
title: "Call for Poster"
date: 2025-09-16
---

CANS will host a poster session this year, providing a forum for presenting and discussing ongoing research, new challenges, future research directions, and innovative approaches within the field of information security. High-quality poster presentations are a key part of CANS, with special encouragement for interdisciplinary projects and collaborations between academia and industry.


## Submission Guidelines and Format

- Authors are required to submit an abstract of their poster within 500 words.
- Submissions will be evaluated based on their potential to encourage meaningful discussions, idea exchange, and collaboration.
- Authors of accepted posters will receive instructions for preparing their posters.
- All accepted posters will be displayed on boards at the in-person conference venue.


## Formatting Requirements

- Submissions should not be anonymous. Include author names, affiliations, and contact details.
- Submissions that do not meet these requirements risk rejection without review.
- Please designate a single corresponding author for each submission.
- The recommended poster size is A0 (vertical orientation).

## Important Notes
- At least one author of each accepted poster must register as “General Registration” and attend the conference in-person to present.
- When registering, poster presenters are requested to enter their poster ID in the field where a regular paper ID is normally required. 
- Accepted posters will be listed in the conference web page.

## Important Dates
<p>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScX7iqK2RhJixCdR3YC1nb2yjS3ELpefVyXkzoVTe-mXezxqg/viewform" target="_blank"
     style="background:#88f; color:#fff; padding:5px 10px; border-radius:4px; cursor:pointer; text-decoration:none;">
    Registration Form
  </a>
</p>

- Submission Deadline: 	20th October, 2025
- Author Notification: 	A couple of days after submission

## Contact 
![mail-address](/images/info_addr.webp)
- Naoto Yanai (Panasonic Holding Corporation)
- Masaki Hashimoto(Kagawa University)

Commit message:

style: update poster guidelines, registration details, venue image, and visa information for clarity

content/Call-for-Poster.md, after:

---
title: "Call for Poster"
date: 2025-09-16
---

CANS will host a poster session this year, providing a forum for presenting and discussing ongoing research, new challenges, future research directions, and innovative approaches within the field of information security. High-quality poster presentations are a key part of CANS, with special encouragement for interdisciplinary projects and collaborations between academia and industry.


## Submission Guidelines and Format

- Authors are required to submit an abstract of their poster within 500 words.
- Submissions will be evaluated based on their potential to encourage meaningful discussions, idea exchange, and collaboration.
- Authors of accepted posters will receive instructions for preparing their posters.
- All accepted posters will be displayed on boards at the in-person conference venue.


## Formatting Requirements

- Submissions should not be anonymous. Include author names, affiliations, and contact details.
- Submissions that do not meet these requirements risk rejection without review.
- Please designate a single corresponding author for each submission.
- The recommended poster size is A0 (vertical orientation).

## Important Notes
- At least one author of each accepted poster must register as “General Registration” and attend the conference in-person to present.
- When registering, poster presenters are requested to enter their poster ID in the field where a regular paper ID is normally required. 
- Accepted posters will be listed in the conference web page.
- Print: Authors of accepted posters should print out and bring their poster to the conference venue.

## Important Dates
<p>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScX7iqK2RhJixCdR3YC1nb2yjS3ELpefVyXkzoVTe-mXezxqg/viewform" target="_blank"
     style="background:#88f; color:#fff; padding:5px 10px; border-radius:4px; cursor:pointer; text-decoration:none;">
    Registration Form
  </a>
</p>

- Submission Deadline: 	20th October, 2025
- Author Notification: 	A couple of days after submission

## Contact 
![mail-address](/images/info_addr.webp)
- Naoto Yanai (Panasonic Holding Corporation)
- Masaki Hashimoto(Kagawa University)
