content/Venue.md, before:

---
title: "Venue"
date: 2025-04-20
---

# Conference Venue

[Grand Cube Osaka (Osaka International Convention Center)](https://www.gco.co.jp/visitor/?stt_lang=en) is strategically located in the heart of Osaka, offering excellent accessibility for both business and leisure. With its central location, visitors can easily reach many key destinations around the city.

👉[Click here for tourist attractions in Osaka](/about-osaka)

![Exterior Image](/images/venue/ext.webp)


With its prime location, outstanding facilities, and proven track record of hosting prestigious events like the [G7 Trade Ministers' Meeting](https://www.mofa.go.jp/ms/g7tm/page22e_001045.html), Grand Cube Osaka offers the perfect setting for international conferences and gatherings.


![conference room](/images/venue/floor.webp)

### Map
<div class="responsive-iframe">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d1788.774257618916!2d135.4863360071789!3d34.68937781913009!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x6000e658eb20202f%3A0xc3e1552c4163ec4!2sOsaka%20International%20Convention%20Center%20(Grand%20Cube%20Osaka)!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1745115248165!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="800" height="600" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
</div>




## Accessibility

For detailed transfer and transportation information, including airport and local access routes, please visit the official website:

👉 [Click here for more access information](https://www.gco.co.jp/visitor/access/?stt_lang=en)

---
# Banquet

![Osaka Geihinka](/images/venue/geihinkan.webp)

We are pleased to announce that the official conference banquet will be held at **[Osaka Geihinkan](https://www.osakacastle.jp/)**.

## About Osaka Geihinkan

Originally built to welcome state guests, Osaka Geihinkan is renowned for its elegant architecture, serene Japanese garden, and refined hospitality. The venue offers a truly memorable setting, blending traditional Japanese aesthetics with modern comfort.

![Osaka Geihinka](/images/venue/hall.webp)

![a la carte](/images/venue/dish.webp)

### Map
<div class="responsive-iframe">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3280.675794593867!2d135.52031841201574!3d34.68813108377313!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x6000e72cf78fffff%3A0x2914f59b07aac290!2sOsaka%20Geihinkan!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1745151343746!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="800" height="600" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
</div>

## Event Details

Please wait for the update...

Commit message:

Additional information about the lunch venue and more...

content/Venue.md, after:

---
title: "Venue"
date: 2025-04-20
---

# Conference Venue

[Grand Cube Osaka (Osaka International Convention Center)](https://www.gco.co.jp/visitor/?stt_lang=en) is strategically located in the heart of Osaka, offering excellent accessibility for both business and leisure. With its central location, visitors can easily reach many key destinations around the city.

👉[Click here for tourist attractions in Osaka](/about-osaka)

![Exterior Image](/images/venue/ext.webp)


With its prime location, outstanding facilities, and proven track record of hosting prestigious events like the [G7 Trade Ministers' Meeting](https://www.mofa.go.jp/ms/g7tm/page22e_001045.html), Grand Cube Osaka offers the perfect setting for international conferences and gatherings.


![conference room](/images/venue/floor.webp)

### Map
<div class="responsive-iframe">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d1788.774257618916!2d135.4863360071789!3d34.68937781913009!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x6000e658eb20202f%3A0xc3e1552c4163ec4!2sOsaka%20International%20Convention%20Center%20(Grand%20Cube%20Osaka)!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1745115248165!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="800" height="600" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
</div>




## Accessibility

For detailed transfer and transportation information, including airport and local access routes, please visit the official website:

👉 [Click here for more access information](https://www.gco.co.jp/visitor/access/?stt_lang=en)

---
# Banquet

![Osaka Geihinkan](/images/venue/geihinkan.webp)

We are pleased to announce that the official conference banquet will be held at **[Osaka Geihinkan](https://www.osakacastle.jp/)**.

## About Osaka Geihinkan

Originally built to welcome state guests, Osaka Geihinkan is renowned for its elegant architecture, serene Japanese garden, and refined hospitality. The venue offers a truly memorable setting, blending traditional Japanese aesthetics with modern comfort.

![Osaka Geihinkan Hall](/images/venue/hall.webp)

![a la carte](/images/venue/dish.webp)

### Map
<div class="responsive-iframe">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3280.675794593867!2d135.52031841201574!3d34.68813108377313!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x6000e72cf78fffff%3A0x2914f59b07aac290!2sOsaka%20Geihinkan!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1745151343746!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="800" height="600" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
</div>

## Event Details

Please wait for the update...

---
# Lunch

![Nakanoshima Museum](/images/osaka/nakanoshima/nakanoshima.webp)

We are pleased to announce that the official conference lunch will be held at **[Nakanoshima Museum of Art, Osaka](https://nakka-art.jp/en/)**.

![Nakanoshima Museum interior](/images/osaka/nakanoshima/interior.webp)

### Map
<div class="responsive-iframe">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d1640.252392181944!2d135.491392!3d34.692446!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x6000e772fa57b76b%3A0x6055726cda97e062!2z5aSn6Ziq5Lit5LmL5bO2576O6KGT6aSo!5e0!3m2!1sja!2sjp!4v1752898690777!5m2!1sja!2sjp" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
</div>

## Event Details

Please wait for the update...
