content/visa.md, before:

---
title: "Information on Visa Applications"
date: 2025-08-15
---

It is imperative that authors and attendees allow sufficient time to obtain visas.
Participants from countries that have visa exemption agreements with Japan (such as EU nations, USA, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand) do not need a visa for short-term stays. Many other nationalities will require a visa. We strongly recommend checking the official website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan for the most up-to-date and detailed information regarding entry visas and residence permits.

We also recommend contacting the Japanese embassy or consulate nearest to you. If an entry visa is required, please allow sufficient time for this procedure. Upon entering Japan, even if you have a visa, border authorities are authorized to check again the documents required for the issuance of the visa.

## Invitation letters
Conference attendees who require a visa will typically need an invitation letter from the general chair. Kindly email your request, using the subject “Visa Invitation Letter Request”, to the address below:

![visa conntact address](/images/visa_contact_addr.png)

To expedite the process, please provide as many of the following pieces of information as possible in your request:

- your full name as it will appear on the letter, date of birth, nationality, passport number, and institute
- the title of your paper at CANS 2025, if applicable
- an up-to-date Curriculum Vitae (CV) that includes, if applicable, a list of publications
- a brief statement explaining your interests in the conference
- a list of any recent CANS and other conferences you have attended and/or a reference in the cryptology and network security community who has attended past CANS and other conferences

We hope that you will be able to attend CANS 2025 and help us make the conference a great success.

Commit message:

style: update poster guidelines, registration details, venue image, and visa information for clarity

content/visa.md, after:

---
title: "Information on Visa Applications"
date: 2025-08-15
---

It is imperative that authors and attendees allow sufficient time to obtain visas.
Participants from countries that have visa exemption agreements with Japan (such as EU nations, USA, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand) do not need a visa for short-term stays. Many other nationalities will require a visa. We strongly recommend checking the official website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan for the most up-to-date and detailed information regarding entry visas and residence permits.

We also recommend contacting the Japanese embassy or consulate nearest to you. If an entry visa is required, please allow sufficient time for this procedure. Upon entering Japan, even if you have a visa, border authorities are authorized to check again the documents required for the issuance of the visa.

Please note that visa invitation letters will only be issued to individuals who have completed the registration process and paid the registration fee. Requests submitted without payment or without a clear explanation of the purpose of participation may be disregarded without response. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation.


## Invitation letters
Conference attendees who require a visa will typically need an invitation letter from the general chair. Kindly email your request, using the subject “Visa Invitation Letter Request”, to the address below:

![visa conntact address](/images/visa_contact_addr.png)

To expedite the process, please provide as many of the following pieces of information as possible in your request:

- your full name as it will appear on the letter, date of birth, nationality, passport number, and institute
- the title of your paper at CANS 2025, if applicable
- an up-to-date Curriculum Vitae (CV) that includes, if applicable, a list of publications
- a brief statement explaining your interests in the conference
- a list of any recent CANS and other conferences you have attended and/or a reference in the cryptology and network security community who has attended past CANS and other conferences

We hope that you will be able to attend CANS 2025 and help us make the conference a great success.
